will I just want you to know how proud I
am she'll be attending my alma mater
from the moment will stronghold started
high school he knew he was in for the
ride of his life
welcome to sky-high you are the
descendants of the world's most
legendary superheroes all he wants is to
live up to his family name my parents
are the greatest superheroes on the
planet but he's not sure he's got what
it takes
step up here and show me your power
our hero if you don't make hero you're
just a sidekick
gar are you a sane sidekick
now all I ever wanted for him was to
save the world to transform himself
we can't change who he is not without
dropping them in a vat of toxic waste
where will we even find a vat of toy
you'll have to test his limits you have
three minutes to immobilize your
opponents and they've the citizen
I'm everyone we used to use real
citizens yes yes and unleash the hero
within its strong four-stroke he's super
strong from Walt Disney Pictures
discovering his powers was just the
beginning
great because the heroes of tomorrow you
want to dance
no me neither we'll have to save the
world today my old enemy always worried
to have his revenge on me put my dad
down
the sky is the limit here my boy
sky high my boy has super strength
come here Wow sorry wow you are strong